grammar correction (#418)
dotnet/AspNetDocs: aspnet/mvc/overview/older-versions/mvc-music-store/mvc-music-store-part-6.md

We'll use the following Data Annotation attributes:

- **Required** – Indicates that the property is a required field

> - **DisplayName** – Defines the text we want to used on form fields and validation messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DisplayName** – Defines the text to use on form fields and validation messages
```
